add option to ``unsuspend`` that unsuspends all construction jobs (#4710)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/changelog.txt

- `autobutcher`: do not butcher pregnant (or brooding) females
- `quickfort`: support buildable instruments
- `nestboxes`: increase the scanning frequency for fertile eggs to reduce the chance that they get snarfed by eager dwarves

> - `suspendmanager`: add option to ``unsuspend`` that unsuspends all construction jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `suspendmanager`: add option to ``unsuspend`` that unsuspends all jobs, regardless of potential issues
```
